fix: typo in instructions (#2)
moT01/.celestial-bodies-database: TUTORIAL.md

## 1. Instructions

> For this project, you need to log in to PostgreSQL with psql to create your database. Do that by entering `psql --usernamep=freecodecam --dbname=postgres` in the terminal. Be sure to get creative, and have fun!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this project, you need to log in to PostgreSQL with psql to create your database. Do that by entering `psql --username=freecodecamp --dbname=postgres` in the terminal. Be sure to get creative, and have fun!
```
